README.md, before:

Spacewalk
=========

![Current Spacewalk release][CurrentReleaseImg]

**Spacewalk 2.10 was the last release of Spacewalk project!**

Source code for this release can be found in [SPACEWALK-2.10
branch](https://github.com/spacewalkproject/spacewalk/tree/SPACEWALK-2.10).
Spacewalk project will be discontinued on May 31 2020.

[Master branch](https://github.com/spacewalkproject/spacewalk) contains unfinished experimental
attempt to support RHEL8 server and dnf backend which breaks RHEL / CentOS 6 and 7 support.

Spacewalk is an open source Linux systems management solution.
It is the upstream community project from which the [Red Hat
Satellite 5][RedHatSatellite] and [SUSE Manager][SUSEManager] products
are derived. 

Spacewalk's capabilities include:

  * Inventory your systems (hardware and software information)
  * Install and update software on your systems
  * Collect and distribute your custom software packages into manageable groups
  * Provision (kickstart) your systems
  * Manage and deploy configuration files to your systems
  * Provision virtual guests
  * Start/stop/configure virtual guests
  * Distribute content across multiple geographical sites in an efficient manner

For information on how to work with our source repository, please visit [the wiki download page][DownloadIt].

Resources
---------

Following links might be of value in case you are interested:

  * [project pages](https://spacewalkproject.github.io/),
  * [wiki](https://github.com/spacewalkproject/spacewalk/wiki) ([submit PR](https://github.com/spacewalkproject/spacewalk-wiki/pulls)),
  * [issue tracker (Bugzilla)](https://bugzilla.redhat.com/enter_bug.cgi?product=Spacewalk).
  * [Spacewalk mailing list and IRC](https://github.com/spacewalkproject/spacewalk/wiki/Communications)

[RedHatSatellite]: https://www.redhat.com/products/enterprise-linux/satellite/
[SUSEManager]: https://www.suse.com/products/suse-manager/
[DownloadIt]: https://github.com/spacewalkproject/spacewalk/wiki/DownloadIt
[CurrentReleaseImg]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wiki/spacewalkproject/spacewalk/images/210release.png

Commit message:

Update README.md to detail Oracle Linux Manager enhancements.
Signed-off-by: Laurence Rochfort <laurence.rochfort@oracle.com>

README.md, after:

Oracle Linux Manager
=========

Oracle Linux Manager is a management tool based on the Spacewalk
project providing IT managers with what they need to manage their
Oracle Linux environment. This release includes all of the features
you have come to appreciate in Spacewalk 2.10 with incremental
enhancements for Oracle Linux 8 clients. Oracle Linux Manager 2.10
replaces the previous Spacewalk 2.10 release.

Spacewalk project was discontinued on May 31 2020.

Source code for this release can be found in [OracleLinuxManager-2.10
branch](https://github.com/oracle/spacewalk/tree/OracleLinuxManager-2.10)

Features
---------

Oracle Linux Manager's capabilities include:

  * Inventory your systems (hardware and software information)
  * Install and update software on your systems
  * Collect and distribute your custom software packages into manageable groups
  * Provision (kickstart) your systems
  * Manage and deploy configuration files to your systems
  * Provision virtual guests
  * Start/stop/configure virtual guests
  * Distribute content across multiple geographical sites in an efficient manner

Oracle Linux Manager incorporates significant enhancements to support
Oracle Linux 8 clients and module-enabled repositories:

  * Errata and package upgrade handling for channels with modules
  * Module support for copying packages between channels
  * Module support when cloning software channels
  * Module support for channel life cycle management
  
Switching or upgrading from Spacewalk to Oracle Linux Manager 2.10
------------------------------------------------------------------ 

[The Oracle Linux Manager Installation
Guide](https://docs.oracle.com/en/operating-systems/oracle-linux-manager/2.10/install/)
provides step-by-step instructions on converting from Spacewalk 2.7 or
2.10 to Oracle Linux Manager 2.10.

Resources
---------

[Oracle Linux Manager Documentation](https://docs.oracle.com/en/operating-systems/oracle-linux-manager/2.10/)

For more information visit [oracle.com/linux](https://www.oracle.com/linux)
